
Use XML tags like <thinking> <verification> and <justification> to separate reasoning, audit verification and the final answer

Some tasks are only required to be done once, other tasks must be performed for each variable. 

1. verify that you have read the audit instructions message (for each variable)

2. verify that you have read the user prompt (only one verification needed)

3. verify that you have read the definitions document (only one verification needed)

4. verify that you have read the incident description "INC-xxx_description" (only one verification needed)

5. verify that you have read each source provided in its entirety (only one verification needed)

6. think through what the specific incident boundary is in this case based on the incident description you read (only one verification needed)

7. think about which passages in each source relate to the incident (only one verification needed)

8. verify which codebook variable you are tasked to code (for each variable)

9. verify that you have searched codebook with protocols for which protocol applies to the codebook variable (for each variable)

10. verify that you have read the correct protocol (list it by name) that corresponds to that codebook variable (for each variable)

11. think as you evaluate each source to determine what content from any source are most relevant to the codebook variable in question (for each variable)

12. after you've evaluated the sources, think about which value for that variable you should choose (for each variable)

13. verify that you have read the justification protocol document (only one verification needed)

14. as you follow the justification protocol for gathering and quoting sources relevant to the variable value being considered, think about why each quote does or does not apply (for each variable)

15. if there is any doubt or confusion about whether a quote applies, think out loud about it and include the quote with your reasoning (for each variable)

16. verify that you have read the verifications checklist (only one verification needed)

17. Before you come to the final justification conclusion regarding which variable value you have chosen, think about whether you have met each requirement on the verifications list (for each variable)
 
18. Finally, as you provide your justification for your variable value, think through why this value is the best answer (for each variable)

19. verify that you have read the yaml protocol in the justification protocol document (only one verification needed)

20. verify that your final justification is in compliance with the yaml protocol (only one verification needed)





 